Did the staff evaluated provide a disclaimer to inform you that a fact find needs to be done to determine if the recommended product is suitable for you?
Did the staff evaluated advise you that he/she has been AUTHORISED BY UOB TO RECOMMEND?
Did the staff evaluated discuss about / mention the COMPULSORY PRODUCT ATTRIBUTES?
Product nature and objective
Details of the product provider
Amount of investment required from you
Frequency of investment required from you
Length of investment required from you
Product benefits
Product risks
Carries elements of investment risks
Whether the returns are guaranteed
Unit Trust pricing
Amount of fees and charges borne by you
Frequency of fees and charges borne by you
Free-look period
Cancellation period
Early termination clauses
Procedures, charges and restrictions on withdrawal, surrender or claim
Warning(s), exclusion(s) and disclaimer(s)
Not a conventional deposit
Not an insured deposit
Did the shopper buy any of the products that require bundled product disclosure?
Option offered to purchase comparable term life insurance product vis-à-vis bundled product
The staff evaluated did not use UNAUTHORIZED BANKING MATERIALS?
Did the staff evaluated CLARIFY / EXPLAIN ABOUT THESE JARGONS OR TECHNICAL TERMS CLEARLY?
Did NOT MENTION THE PHRASE “CAPITAL PROTECTION” / “CAPITAL PROTECTED”?
The staff evaluated DID NOT mention any INCENTIVE (e.g. shopping vouchers, gadgets etc.) before purchase decision was made?
Did the staff evaluated IN FORM YOU OF YOUR ASSESSED RISK PROFILE?
The staff evaluated DID NOT ADVISE / INFLUENCE ANY OF YOUR RESPONSES during fact find
Asked if the shopper is able to read and write/understand English OR is proficient in English
Did the banker ask if MS has dependents?
Financial Objectives
Asked about Financial Objectives
Tenure
Monthly Cash Flow
Your Investment Holdings
Your Insurance Policies
Your Total Net Worth
Did the banker ask if the shopper foresee any future events/factors in the next 12 months
Did the banker ask if the shopper has set aside at least 3 to 6 months of gross monthly income for any cash emergency needs?
Customer Knowledge Assessment (CKA)
Educational Qualification
Investment Experience
Work Experience
Your Risk Profile & Assessment
Did the staff evaluated OBTAIN YOUR RESPONSE to the following BEFORE PRODUCT RECOMMENDATION?
Date Of Birth
Current/Previous Occupation
Language Literacy (Read and Understand)
Your Dependents
Does the shopper have dependents?
Did the banker tell the shopper how many more years they must continue to support the dependents?
Financial Objectives
Asked about Financial Objectives
Monthly Cash Flow
Your Investment Holdings
Your Insurance Policies
Your Total Net Worth
Your Future Financial Situation Details
Did the banker ask if the shopper foresee any future events/factors in the next 12 months
Did the banker ask if the shopper has set aside at least 3 to 6 months of gross monthly income for any cash emergency needs?
Customer Knowledge Assessment (CKA)
Educational Qualification
Investment Experience
Work Experience
Your Risk Profile & Assessment
Did the staff evaluated OBTAIN YOUR RESPONSE to the following BEFORE PRODUCT RECOMMENDATION and POSSIBLE LIMITATIONS?
Basis of Recommendation
Does the Investment objective mentioned by the shopper match the investment objective mentioned by the RM?
Did the staff mention that the product recommended fits the shopper's risk profile?
Did the staff ensure that the shoppers has at least 3 to 6 months of gross monthly income as emergency funds?
Did the staff mention that the investment period fits the shopper's time horizon?
Possible Limitations
Potential loss of principal due to poor market or investment performance
Potential loss of principal and/or returns in the event of any defaults by the product issuer
Low or nil return, coupons, dividends due to poor market or product performance
Potential additional costs and/or losses arising from termination or early withdrawal of investments
Liquidity of trading prices, limited trading period, limited trading markets, limited and/or restricted trading hours
Early termination of an insurance plan may result in a surrender value (if any) that is less than the total premiums paid
Premiums may not be guaranteed (for more details, please refer to Policy Illustration and/or Product Summary)
Did the staff show that the premiums are affordable and sustainable based on the fact find information that was provided by the customer?
Did the staff inform customer on the percentage of the monthly premium against the gross monthly income AND inform customer why it is affordable?
Did the staff inform customer on the percentage of the monthly premium against the gross monthly income
Did the staff inform customer why it is affordable
Did the staff inform customer why premiums are affordable and also how long the customer would have to pay the premiums?
Did the staff inform customer why it is affordable
Length of investment required from you
Did the staff highlight whether premiums are sustainable based on earlier assessment
Did the staff evaluated COMPLETE ALL SECTIONS OF THE MWP with you?
Name
NRIC/Passport Number
Date of Birth
Current/Previous Occupation
Contact Number
Language Literacy
Your Dependents
Financial Objectives
Monthly Cash Flow
Your Investment Holdings
Your Insurance Policies
Your Total Net Worth
Your Future Financial Situation Details
Customer Knowledge Assessment (CKA)
Educational Qualification
Work Experience
Your Risk Profile & Assessment
Product Recommendation and Selection
Did the staff explain/go through the section - "Customer(s) declaration and acknowledgement on important disclosure"
Did the staff evaluated complete the MWP Form with you BEFORE signing APPLICATION FORM?
Did the staff evaluated discussed all items which were documented?
Did the staff evaluated discussed all items which were documented?
After signing the application, did the RM mention that someone from UOB will call you up?
The staff evaluated Did NOT influence customer to provide positive responses in a call survey
Did the staff evaluated explain the term 'English Proficiency' refers to read and understand the English?
Supervisor call during Free Look
Did the staff evaluated HAND OVER ALL REQUIRED PRODUCT DOCUMENTS?
Signed and completed My Wealth Planner (MWP) Form
Signed and completed 'Understanding Your Investment Decision/understanding your Life Insurance Plan' Form
List of Product Providers
Signed and completed Proposal Form
Signed Policy Illustration
Your Guide to Life Insurance
Signed and completed Investment Application Form
Product Prospectus
Product Highlights Sheet
UOB Fees and Commission Schedule
Structured Deposit Term Sheet
Did the staff evaluated COMPLETE ALL APPLICABLE FORMS?
Understanding Your Investment Decision
Understanding Your Life Insurance
Proposal Form
Policy Illustration
Investment Application Form
What is your name?
Can I get your NRIC number?
Can you give me your ID number?
Please give me proof of your cash flow.
Welcome to UOB.
Here is UOB, how can I help you?
Is there anything I can help you with?
What business do you want to do.
I am an employee of UOB, what kind of business do you need?
Thank you for choosing UOB and please rate my service.
hello, this is calling from uob.
i can provide you my employee id
the reason for our call is becasue we would like to basicly upgrade most our customer from their current account to the uob one account
the main reason becuase you can get high interest with the higher interest with the account
so if you would like we can actually set an appointment for you
which branch do you usually go to
we call is regards to an upgrade to become a wealth banking customer which is priority platform in uob
if you go to the branch you will have priority queue so that cuts down your waiting time
i will drop you a whatsapp
i will remind you again before the appointment
it is convenient to talk to you for a while
i just wanna to share you about this new account that is been launched by the bank it is called one account
let me just explain to you
you can earn up to three point three three percent per annum